README.md, before:

# Tech Blog

[![License][license-shield]][license-url]

## Description

This application... 

App functionality: 

- 

---

## Table of Contents

  <ul>
    <li>
      <a href="#description">Description</a>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="#demo">Demo</a>
    </li>
    <li>
        <a href="#license">License</a>
    </li>
    <li>
        <a href="#questions">Questions</a>
    </li>
    <li>
        <a href="#acknowledgments">Acknowledgements</a>
    </li>
  </ul>

---

## Demo

Insert link to the app

---

## License

Distributed under the MIT License. See "LICENSE.txt" for more information.

---

## Questions

If you have any questions regarding this project, please don't hesitate to contact me using my email address: pomyateevav@gmail.com. You can find my project repositories here: [veronika-pomy](https://github.com/veronika-pomy?tab=repositories).

___

## Acknowledgments

This list includes resources used for the project. 

- [Best README Template](https://github.com/othneildrew/Best-README-Template/blob/master/README.md)
- [Coolors](https://coolors.co/)
- [Google Fonts API: M PLUS Rounded 1c](https://fonts.google.com/specimen/M+PLUS+Rounded+1c)
- [Node.js](https://nodejs.org/en/)
- [MySQL](https://www.mysql.com/)
- [Sequelize](https://sequelize.org/)
- [Shields.io - license badge](https://shields.io/)

To Add:
- normalize.css v8.0.1 | MIT License | github.com/necolas/normalize.css
- date helper function
- with auth function
- js login and logout
- login handlebars

<p align="right">(<a href="#tech-blog">back to top</a>)</p>

[license-shield]: https://img.shields.io/badge/license-MIT-blue?style=for-the-badge
[license-url]: https://github.com/veronika-pomy/Tech-Blog/blob/main/LICENSE

Commit message:

solved issue with showing array of new posts for user in dashboard

README.md, after:

# Tech Blog

[![License][license-shield]][license-url]

## Description

This application...

App functionality:

- ***

## Table of Contents

  <ul>
    <li>
      <a href="#description">Description</a>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="#demo">Demo</a>
    </li>
    <li>
        <a href="#license">License</a>
    </li>
    <li>
        <a href="#questions">Questions</a>
    </li>
    <li>
        <a href="#acknowledgments">Acknowledgements</a>
    </li>
  </ul>

---

## Demo

Insert link to the app

---

## License

Distributed under the MIT License. See "LICENSE.txt" for more information.

---

## Questions

If you have any questions regarding this project, please don't hesitate to contact me using my email address: pomyateevav@gmail.com. You can find my project repositories here: [veronika-pomy](https://github.com/veronika-pomy?tab=repositories).

---

## Acknowledgments

This list includes resources used for the project.

- [Best README Template](https://github.com/othneildrew/Best-README-Template/blob/master/README.md)
- [Coolors](https://coolors.co/)
- [Google Fonts API: M PLUS Rounded 1c](https://fonts.google.com/specimen/M+PLUS+Rounded+1c)
- [Handlebars](https://handlebarsjs.com/)
- [Lipsum generator](https://www.lipsum.com/)
- [Node.js](https://nodejs.org/en/)
- [MySQL](https://www.mysql.com/)
- [Sequelize](https://sequelize.org/)
- [Shields.io - license badge](https://shields.io/)
- [Stack Overflow - Access an array index in handlebars](https://stackoverflow.com/questions/8044219/how-do-i-access-an-access-array-item-by-index-in-handlebars)
- Add all npm packages too

To Add:

- normalize.css v8.0.1 | MIT License | github.com/necolas/normalize.css
- date helper function
- with auth function
- js login and logout
- login handlebars

<p align="right">(<a href="#tech-blog">back to top</a>)</p>

[license-shield]: https://img.shields.io/badge/license-MIT-blue?style=for-the-badge
[license-url]: https://github.com/veronika-pomy/Tech-Blog/blob/main/LICENSE
